fix: update the procedures for setting the limits for the numbers of workspaces kept and running (#2411)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/limiting-the-number-of-workspaces-that-a-user-can-keep.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:navtitle: Limiting the number of workspaces that a user can keep
:description: Limiting the number of workspaces that a user can keep
:keywords: administration guide, number, workspaces
:page-aliases: configuring-the-number-of-workspaces-that-a-user-can-create.adoc

[id="limiting-the-number-of-workspaces-that-a-user-can-keep_{context}"]
= Limiting the number of workspaces that a user can keep 

By default, users can keep an unlimited number of workspaces in the dashboard, but you can limit this number to reduce demand on the cluster.

.Procedure

. Get the name of the {prod-short} namespace. The default is `{prod-namespace}`.
+
[source,terminal,subs="+quotes"]
----
$ oc get checluster --all-namespaces \
  -o=jsonpath="{.items[*].metadata.namespace}"
----

. Configure the `CheCluster` Custom Resource. See xref:using-the-cli-to-configure-the-checluster-custom-resource.adoc[].
+
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes"]
----
spec:
  components:
    cheServer:
      extraProperties:

>         CHE_LIMITS_USER_WORKSPACES_COUNT: "__<max_number_of_kept_workspaces_per_user>__" <1>

Reviewer: you could rename this from `max_number_of_kept_workspaces_per_user` to `max_count_of_defined_workspaces_per_user`

Author: Thank you, Nick. Renaming.
```suggestion
        CHE_LIMITS_USER_WORKSPACES_COUNT: "__<max_count_of_kept_workspaces_per_user>__" <1>
```

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:navtitle: Limiting the number of workspaces that a user can keep
:description: Limiting the number of workspaces that a user can keep
:keywords: administration guide, number, workspaces
:page-aliases: configuring-the-number-of-workspaces-that-a-user-can-create.adoc

[id="limiting-the-number-of-workspaces-that-a-user-can-keep_{context}"]
= Limiting the number of workspaces that a user can keep 

{prod-short} enables users to keep several workspaces in their dashboards.

By default, users can keep an unlimited number of workspaces.

> You can set a limit on the number of workspaces that a user can keep in the dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can limit the number of workspaces each user can have in their dashboard. By default, this number is unlimited. Limiting this number <describe benefit>.
```
- Lead with the main point.
- The product is apparent from the context.
- Dissonance between "several" and "unlimited."
- "enables" = anthropomorphism. 
- Minimalism. Combine and simplify.
- If known, mention the benefit of performing this task.

Reviewer 2: "As an administrator, you can limit..."
Does it make sense to mention the role of the person performing this task?

Author: Thanks for the suggestions, Rolfe.

`_Limiting this number <describe benefit>._` Thank you, lack of this sentence has been nagging me too. I need to ask the SME to phrase it.

:slightly_smiling_face: _Lead with the main point._ I completely agree with you on this point in principle. In this case, the main point requires some context setting, so what I'm trying to do here is first set the necessary context for the main point.

:slightly_smiling_face: Vale forced me to change it to _several_. This is already rewritten to something else. FYI, I initially phrased it as _a number of_ (or that's what I remember) and Vale treated that as an error.

:slightly_smiling_face: From my personal experience, I find that some (not implying you in particular here, some indeed) technical writers take the notion of anthropomorphism to an extreme and apply it to words that aren't.
Have a look at the dictionary examples for _enable_:
https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/enable
_`training that enables` people to earn a living
to make possible, practical, or easy a `deal that would enable` passage of a new law
to cause to operate `software that enables` the keyboard
to give legal power, capacity, or sanction to a `law enabling admission` of a state_
https://dictionary.cambridge.org/us/dictionary/english/enable
_This `software will enable` us to track orders more efficiently.
Recent `technology has enabled` the development of cheaper digital radios._
I guess that's enough for me to use the word _enable_ from now on without looking back at the idea of anthropomorphism.
But you get the idea, let's say I start treating the word _enable_ as an anthropomorphism, what will happen? I will replace it with maybe _makes it possible_, but then again, a person can make something possible too, so will that too be considered an anthropomorphism on the basis that it may, among other things, be applicable to a person?

:slightly_smiling_face: It's in the admin guide, so I guess "_As an administrator, you can limit..._" is redundant (and if I apply it here, then it'll have to be used virtually everywhere else throughout the admin guide).

:slightly_smiling_face: I wasn't happy with the wording that you reviewed, but in your suggestion the connotation is altered:
"_By default, users can keep an unlimited number of workspaces._" (meaning: users keep an unlimited number of, which is a result of user activity)
versus
"_You can limit the number of workspaces each user can have in their dashboard. By default, this number is unlimited._" (meaning: as an admin, you face a setting default that is an unlimited number)

_The product is apparent from the context._ Thank you, I've rewritten it as follows:
`By default, users can keep an unlimited number of workspaces in the dashboard, but you can limit this number to reduce demands on the cluster.` (I'm asking an SME to rephrase the last phrase if necessary.)

> {prod-short} enables users to keep several workspaces in their dashboards.
> 
> By default, users can keep an unlimited number of workspaces.
> 
> You can set a limit on the number of workspaces that a user can keep in the dashboard.

Author: I'll ask the SME to rephrase the last clause if necessary:

```suggestion
By default, users can keep an unlimited number of workspaces in the dashboard, but you can limit this number to reduce demands on the cluster.
```

.Procedure

> . Obtain the name of the {prod-short} namespace. The default is `{prod-namespace}`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Get the name of the {prod-short} namespace. The default is `{prod-namespace}`.
```
- Use simple words.

+
[source,terminal,subs="+quotes"]
----
$ oc get checluster --all-namespaces \
  -o=jsonpath="{.items[*].metadata.namespace}"
----

> . Configure the `CheCluster` Custom Resource. See xref:using-the-cli-to-configure-the-checluster-custom-resource.adoc[].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Configure the `CheCluster` custom resource. See xref:using-the-cli-to-configure-the-checluster-custom-resource.adoc[].
```
Unless CHE docs has standardized on capitalizing "custom resource," I think you can use lower case.

Author: Thank you, we tend to keep it capitalized. The OpenShift docs contain both btw.

+
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes"]
----
spec:
  components:
    cheServer:
      extraProperties:
        CHE_LIMITS_USER_WORKSPACES_COUNT: "__<max_number_of_kept_workspaces_per_user>__"
----
+
[NOTE]
====
The default value of __<max_number_of_kept_workspaces_per_user>__ is `-1`, which means that users can keep an unlimited number of workspaces. If you set the value to a positive integer, users will be able to keep as many workspaces as the integer value.

> ====

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        CHE_LIMITS_USER_WORKSPACES_COUNT: "__<max_number_of_workspaces_per_user>__" <1>
----
<1> Sets the maximum number of workspaces per user. The default value, `-1`, allows unlimited workspaces. To limit the number, set this value to a positive positive integer. 
```

Reviewer 2: will be able to > can

Author: Wonderful, thank you! Applying a copy of it with some modification and to avoid `positive positive`.
Thank you again, Rolfe!

Author: ```suggestion
        CHE_LIMITS_USER_WORKSPACES_COUNT: "__<max_number_of_kept_workspaces_per_user>__"
----
+
[NOTE]
====
<1> Sets the maximum number of workspaces per user. The default value, `-1`, allows users to keep an unlimited number of workspaces. Use a positive integer to set the maximum number of workspaces per user.
====
```

> . To apply the configuration from step 2, run the following command for the namespace that you obtained in step 1:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Apply the configuration:
```

+
[source,terminal,subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
$ oc patch checluster/devspaces -n  _<{prod-namespace}>_ \ <1>
--type='merge' -p '{"spec":{"components":{"cheServer":{"extraProperties":{"CHE_LIMITS_USER_WORKSPACES_COUNT":"__<max_number_of_kept_workspaces_per_user>__"}}}}}' <2>
----

> <1> The {prod-short} namespace that you obtained in step 1.
> <2> The `__<max_number_of_kept_workspaces_per_user>__` that you set for `CHE_LIMITS_USER_WORKSPACES_COUNT` in step 2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> The namespace you got in step 1.
<2> The `__<max_number_of_workspaces_per_user>__` value you set in step 2.
```

Reviewer 2: It looks like you're giving users the choice of doing this task as a using a declarative or imperative approach. Consider handling it this way: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#declarative-config-examples

Author: Thank you. I'll keep it in mind. In this case, `oc` is another required step in the procedure, not an alternative.
